- Daniel, Julie, thanks for being here.
We're gonna talk about Julie's progress
and just a couple other different things
that may help a lot of
people from motivation
to scientific discoveries to...
Sticking to it and doing it right.
One of the biggest problems
people have with making progress
with any fitness program,
weight loss program, nutrition,
they often bear the mark of
the last truck that hit them,
meaning they change what
they're doing all the time
because they're always hearing
a different way to do things.
And because of their rapid changes,
they end up never really
fully understanding
where they're getting any results from.
And with most of the
programming that they choose,
they might get no results.
So it leaves the
individual sort of spinning
their wheels for a long period of time
and never really getting anywhere.
And the only really
smashing success stories
are when somebody finds
something that really works
and they just stick to it.
So, Julie, congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Why don't you tell a
little bit of your story,
and if Julie if you're a little bit shy,
then Daniel's gonna ask
questions to get you to
share the most important stuff.
So go ahead.
- Okay, so basically I had a life crisis
and I ended up in a rehab facility
that also has a long-term care site to it.
And I was consistently 650 pounds,
and the highest I ever
got up was 700 pounds.
And today I'm 334.
Now I had worked hard
doing my own bed exercises
on my own and everything.
And I also had the help
of the rehab staff,
which Tony, basically heads up,
and he's my physical therapist.
And I came here at
Paradise for Parents Home
at October 4th of last year.
And then by then I had lost
a hundred pounds on my own
doing exercises and stuff.
But I just, I wanna get back to life.
So long and short of it is
Hal had contacted Daniel
and the three of us have
been a team for my success.
- Just to let people know, Hal
is the owner of the
home where Julie lives.
- Hal had gotten your X3
system and Daniel had put me
on the carnivore diet with
intermittent fasting at night.
So it wasn't as hard as say the daytime.
And I had starting, I think it was,
was it four high carb days,
three low carb days at first, Daniel?
- So first we did three high for low
and we kept some carbohydrates
in for the high calorie days
and the four low calorie days,
you did no carbohydrates at
all, only carnivore diets.
And you did intermitent
fasting on low days.
Oh man, one meal a day.
And on the high calorie days
there was no restriction
on timing, so you didn't have
to do intermittent fasting,
but you could.
- From October 4th till now, I've lost,
I think I was 174 pounds.
And it's been great.
It's nice to get back to life.
Like it's nice to have like my
face and my neck showing and-
- Just a little correction, you lost 214.
- How many.
- 214 pounds.
- Oh, 214.
- Hey, it's good problem
to have if you can keep-
- Right. (laughing)
- On October 4th you came at 558.
- Yeah.
So that's pretty much-
- Tell me a little bit, Julie,
how did X3 help you get
from the bed on your feet?
How did it help you in moving
and strengthening the body
and start being little bit more mobile?
- Oh yeah, so the way it
helped me was we had to modify
everything for me a little bit
because I still use my walker.
I'm still in a wheelchair,
but I can stand up pretty sturdy.
And so the X3, we kind
of did modifications
either in my wheelchair
or when I had to stand up,
I had to make sure that my
walker or the post in my bed
was in front of me so that I could balance
while somebody else had
helped bring the bar up
so that I could use it.
But gradually, as I got better at it,
I'm able to bring the
equipment out by myself
and set it up in front
of me and use my walker
still to stand up and balance for a second
and then to like pull
the bar up for the waist
to shoulder exercise.
And it was funny 'cause that's size
that I struggle with the most.
Daniel knows, there's a
few videos of me where
I was shaking.
- None of them are easy.
- Yeah.
- Can you break down a little
bit more the adjustments
that we had to do for your X3 exercises,
so other people who
could be similar to you
could understand what to do with the X3
when they're your size?
- X3 has different
exercises, like one of 'em,
or I think about three of
'em where you use the bar
and you have the band behind you.
And so instead of being able
to stand like a normal person,
we had me sit in my wheelchair
and do those exercises.
- The chest first?
- Yeah.
And the, I'm sorry,
I can't remember the exercise
where you pull it back.
- No problem, I'll help
you with that, go for it.
- Where you pull it back,
we actually put a clamp on my
bed with the band behind it
and the bar so that I could
pull back like the rose part.
- Rose.
- Yeah.
And then like I had said for
the wasted shoulder exercise
and the curls, I basically had to
have someone hold my wheelchair
for me while I got up.
And then I grabbed on my walker,
I stepped up on the little
plate, the plate's not very high.
So it's a lot easier to step up on.
And then someone would hand me the bar
with the band already put
underneath it and I would,
I would lift up as best as I could,
but as I got better at it,
I was able to lift up higher
and just advance in bands.
And that's the thing that
I really love about it,
is that it has different strength bands.
So if you're beginner,
you can totally begin at the smallest band
and work your muscles that way.
And you go, I think isn't
the product all the way up
to 600 pounds resistance?
- It depends how tall the individual is.
So like, when Daniel does a deadlift,
Daniel's a really tall guy,
so he uses the orange band on a deadlift,
he's using over 700 pounds.
- Oh wow.
- It's maybe 650 for me.
But all of it's relative.
Like, I think one of the
points that a casual observer
who's watching our video
here may not fully understand
is that X3 is very accommodating.
Like it allows you to exhaust
yourself with heavy loads,
but you know, a person in your situation,
you might not be able to even work out
with even lightweight loads,
like in a gym type environment.
- Right.
- Right, it gives you the
opportunity to do a lot of things
that just wouldn't be practical to do.
And then you're triggering
the growth of muscle,
which then becomes, the muscle itself
becomes a metabolic engine
that's using more calories.
And as you're metabolizing your body fat,
it becomes a bigger engine to
help you do that even faster.
You know, it's one of the
challenges with overweight people
that can't necessarily move around much.
There's not a lot they can do.
And so, they end up being
in a situation where
they can't use a lot of
calories during the day because
they're just immobile.
And now, we engaged your body,
I say we, I wasn't there,
I see myself side the product.
So it's one of those situations where
you're just getting
that amplified benefit.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's great.
- Can you break down a little bit?
How did you train your lower body?
How did you train your
legs so people who are
in a similar position like you
could understand how to incorporate
lighter exercises in their routine?
- Okay, so how I trained it was one,
one big thing is the squats,
like the squat with the bar,
you're supposed to stand up
onto the plate with the band
and squat.
Like I couldn't do that
because of my fitness level.
So what we would have
people do is hold my chair
so it's sturdy enough.
And I would do what
they call sit-to-stands.
Sit-to-stands is something
that they use a lot
in physical therapy.
It's just basically where you
stand up and you sit down,
and you stand up and sit down,
and it helps you strengthen your legs
in a squat type of way,
and the beginnings of it.
But also Daniel had me walking a lot more
and so there's a video
of me on my Instagram
where I in the driveway
walking back and forth
and I actually had my wheelchair backed up
against the house so that
I could walk a distance,
walk back and sit down and
rest until my body was okay
enough to get up and walk down
there and walk back again.
And to just keep doing
that, just relax like that.
And especially obese people that cannot
do a lot of exercises,
the most important point
is you do what you can
'cause if you don't use
it, you will lose it.
- Great point.
And so you do what you can
and as your body gets
better, it will do more.
And that's the miracle of the body,
that it strengthens and
it becomes stronger.
And you know, when Hal had brought the X3,
he said to watch a video on it.
And so I watched a video on it
and I was very impressed how
it exhausts the muscles at certain points.
And it gives you that muscle
strength workout without,
like you said, where you
don't have to weight lift.
So there's somebody like me that's
just beginning to get
back into exercising.
And in that sense of trying
to do resistance bands
or weights, I think it's a lot safer
because you're not gonna, like,
if you fall, heaven forbid,
you're not gonna have like
this huge bar and weights
on the end of it all on top of you.
- Right.
- It's a resistance thing.
So if it's too much,
you just let go a little and you're fine.
- Just put it down and
the weight becomes zero.
- Yeah, right.
- Can you describe Julie,
how fast have you noticed any benefits
and changes after you started the program?
The whole nutrition
fast, the next breathing?
How quickly would you say
you started noticing changes
in your body?
- Well, I started noticing
just basically first the face,
the face, I had a double chin.
I wish I had a picture to
show you guys from last year
because I was really chunky in the face
and had a double chin,
and that was even after
I lost a hundred pounds.
But like your face gets thinner at first,
it starts thinning out
and then your legs get a little
thinner and then your arms.
So that's the wonderful
part about losing weight
and using like strength training.
- Sure.
- As used to,
like discover what yourself
looks like underneath all that.
- What do you think the timeframe would be
when you started noticing those changes
and how many weeks have
you started feeling like
something is changing?
- I'd say like probably three weeks.
Three weeks.
- Three weeks.
- Like, I could definitely
feel the difference
with the carnivore guy
and sometimes it's a blur a little bit
because of everything but-
- I mean, like if you look at everything
you've been through, you
went from being stuck in bed
- Yeah,
- ...to being freed from that.
- Right.
- That is,
it's you got your life back.
So Daniel and I are so proud of you.
He's been giving me the
details as you probably.
It's one of the hardest
things to do because
food is now designed to be addictive.
- Yeah.
I make sure that anyone
who's overweight or obese
like comes to the company
or I end up talking to,
I never want people to blame themselves,
though accountability is very important.
Like, you can be accountable
for fixing the problem,
but when you look at how
foods have been engineered,
I mean, and I'm talking
about packaged foods here,
not vegetables or fruits or meat,
it's the stuff that is actually engineered
so that you have one and you
don't wanna stop eating 'em.
And they are working
and using drug addiction
as a benchmark.
Like give that some thought
like people hooked on
whether it's opiates or whatever,
that's the benchmark that
a lot of food scientists
are using, and this is their mandate,
this is their job they're paid to do,
design food so that when
you start eating it,
you have a lot of trouble stopping.
And it happened to you
and it's happened hundreds
of thousands of other people
where all of a sudden your
life completely changes.
- Yeah.
- And you're stuck.
And most of the cases
are not necessarily as dramatic
as yours, but you know,
I've seen people unable to get in and out
of certain automobiles and
like, it's embarrassing,
then people start to blame themselves
and it's like just all you
gotta do is what you did.
You take accountability,
you say, okay, I can fix this problem.
Once you make that
decision, you can do it.
- Yeah.
- Julie, can you tell us
a little bit more about
the thought process behind
what John just described
how to trigger yourself
and make yourself to start
working towards a change?
What goes through your mind?
How do you make yourself to do the work?
- So basically I think you have
to find a big enough reason
that works for you.
Like for me, in all honesty,
it was that I wanted my
life back because someday
I really wanna be a wife and a mother.
There's no way I can be that
when I'm being taken care of
in bed because I can't move.
You know what I mean?
So you first of all have to
have a big enough reason.
Second of all, I think like journeys,
when they say it begins with
the thousand little steps,
that's the thing.
It's the little things that
you do every single day.
Like you pick one and you work on it.
You know what I mean?
You're not gonna be perfect ever.
It's okay, and it's okay to
say, "I messed up, it's okay,
let me try again."
And I think that's the
most important part is
you have to remember that
that food and exercise
go together.
You can't just have one or the other.
They're a couple.
Okay, they're a couple that
just can't be separated.
And you have to do things for yourself
to try to be healthier and
try to make good choices
and try to say, okay,
I'm gonna try to exercise again today,
but yes, definitely a big
enough reason, you know?
- Gotcha.
- And you find that reason.
- Gotcha, so you have
lost now over 214 pounds
in six months, Julia.
You the biggest transformation
I had a pleasure
to be part of.
And the quickest, the
biggest and the quickest
over 214 right now, because right now
you're even lower than
your weight last time.
Tell us a little bit
more about the challenges
that you have faced on this journey.
What challenges were you facing?
- So I really faced, one thing was
when I was in the facility,
the food was not nutritious at all.
So that's one thing that I faced.
I had to use my own pocket
money to buy healthy food
so that I could try to lose
that first hundred pounds.
The secondly things that
I faced was just learning
for one thing that
cardio does not make you
really lose weight, it's
great for the heart,
but building up that muscle is gonna,
is what's gonna like, burn all that fat.
And I had to learn that
the hard way because-
- Very true.
- ...I was,
I had a Fitbit and I literally
was doing modified exercises
in bed following a YouTube
video for a 600 calorie burn.
And I have pictures on my Instagram of me
showing that I burned a
thousand calories, but I'm like,
why am I still gaining weight?
You know, even though I was
trying to do food properly
and the exercise part.
So that's a big challenge
I face learning that
building that muscle is important.
And that's-
- There's two things you said
that are really important
that you understand, and I wanna make sure
that everybody who sees this
understands those things.
You stop seeing, like you knew
you needed nutritious food,
it wasn't being provided for you.
People need to stop viewing
eating as their entertainment.
You know, when you watch a
movie that's entertaining,
when you're eating, you're
giving your body the nutrients
it needs to either
survive poorly or thrive
and be phenomenal.
And when you think of it that way,
the choice is really easy.
Like carnivore nutrition
is now people are like,
well how would you rank
carnivore nutrition
against some of the other
diets that we see out there.
It's sort of like, "Okay,
carnivore nutrition is phenomenal
and I don't really see
any other approaches
even worth talking about,"
because that's where our
nutrition comes from,
it comes from animal protein
and the associated vitamins
and minerals that are in animal protein
and the fact that for 2 million years
humans were the apex predator on earth.
That's all we ate.
And just keeping in mind
that you knew you needed
the nutrition, which means that
you flipped a switch in your head,
which says, what I'm eating
is not for my entertainment,
it is fuel for what my body needs.
That is absolutely profound.
And the other thing, it seems
like you gotta get to a point
where you're just
absolutely sick and tired
of the direction you were going.
- Yeah.
- A lot of people need
to have a heart attack
before they come to that realization.
- I see that a lot.
- Now they have a damaged cardiac system
and then they realize like,
I don't want to end up like this.
I don't wanna miss out on life.
I wanna be able to
participate in everything.
And yeah, you probably
just woke up one morning
and you said, "I am so sick
of this and I'm gonna fix it."
And that's what it takes.
That moment and that moment
becomes a chain reaction
and all the other moments.
And you're right,
sometimes you do have a day
where you're like, wow,
I really kind of miscounted
my calories here, or
here's one, I had this
discussion with my wife.
I had no idea there were so
many carbohydrates in a lime.
Like a lime, the perseverance
is absolutely fantastic.
But I have a question,
so I want you to think back
on when you were 700 pounds,
that was your biggest, right?
- Yeah.
- Right.
And how you felt versus
how you feel today.
Is it just absolute
night and day difference?
- Oh my gosh, like it was miserable.
It was so miserable because you just,
you're swelled up with water,
you're just, it's miserable.
It's miserable to be in
that state, you know?
I can't even tell you the depth of hell
that happens when you get that big.
- Well, I mean that's when
people have trouble breathing.
Human body's formed,
we have a void in our chest that is not,
like when we lift weights, often or do X3,
you pull in air and then you
hold your breath for a second.
It's called a Valsalva maneuver,
but it basically keeps the
middle of your body rigid.
So there's not an air void
in here, but people do that,
so there's more structural
integrity of the body.
But when somebody is that overweight
that air void that is your
lungs is actually being
pushed on by your body weight
and you can't even access
your lung capacity, which
means you're not getting
the proper amount of
oxygenated blood to the brain.
And you're thinking, like,
I'm sure that your memories from the time
when you were that size
will always be sort of hazy
because your brain wasn't
even getting enough oxygen.
I don't think people realize just how hard
on the body that is.
Now you're an absolute
expert to talk about that
because like all the
memories you're creating now,
you'll remember them forever.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, your brain's getting
enough amount of oxygen.
- I have a question for you, Julie.
So how did you deal with
the cravings after foods
that you used to eat because
you got up to the 700 pounds by eating
different kinds of foods
that you're eating right now,
and you made a rapid change,
the life changing change.
So tell me, what about cravings?
How did you deal with cravings?
How did you not eat the
foods that you used to eat?
- So one of the biggest
things that I was a fan of
was energy drinks.
Those have a lot of calories
and they're bad on your heart.
- What was that?
- And so...
They're bad on your heart.
Like energy
- What, energy drinks, okay.
- [John] What used to
be your favorite brand?
- Yeah, my favorite what?
- Brand, which energy
drink did you go for?
- Monster.
That was mine.
- It's like the worst one.
Oh, that is so funny.
Yeah.
And that's another thing
that's designed to be
highly addictive.
Yeah.
- So the way...
oh, I'm so sorry, I
didn't mean interrupt you.
The way I gave up Monsters
was like literally
I was in the hospital and
from cellulitis again,
that's part of the hell that I speak of.
You get cellulitis,
your blood can go sepsis from having this,
it's a skin infection that like
makes your skin hot and red
and then oozes out and then
dries up like a sunburn
and then you're done.
But you reach like you
can reach over like 101
up or above fever and then
you're in the hospital.
So I was in the hospital for cellulitis.
They turned me, my
heart went out a rhythm.
They actually had to do
the procedure to stop
and shock my heart.
Now the injections slowed it down enough
to where my heart went back into rhythm.
And then after that it was
awful because they sent
hospice to me like
literally for some months
I was sent hospice to.
And I thought I was gonna die.
I was like, "Okay, this
is my death sentence,
this is how it ends."
But I was like, no more Monsters for me.
That is it no more.
And so me being able to work out in my bed
and take that away off the table,
I actually ended up going
back to the cardiologist like
a year or whatever, like
close to a year later,
and they said my heart was fine,
that I had like helped it back to health.
- [Daniel] So it took an extreme situation
for you to give it up?
- Yeah.
- Because just like John mentioned before,
sometimes takes heart at that for people-
- Yeah, that was your
moment where you're like,
I'm sick of this.
- Well I think of the Monsters part,
but like I had been trying
to like constantly do better
in food all the time,
you know what I mean?
So I switched to Powerade
and then got rid of Powerade.
But it's just...
One thing I would like to mention though
is it is very important
when you're doing this,
especially for a person that ends up obese
or even if you have like
a stress eating problem,
you really should get a good therapist.
Because I think a lot of
the times I was thinking
about this morning, my
experience was I wasn't,
when I was younger, really
allowed to state my needs
or state this is my boundaries.
And so I think sometimes
I think that we end up
gaining weight because we're not able
to stand up for ourselves
because we're not either taught
or not allowed to.
And I think sometimes when
people have weight problems,
they might have the same thing that I did
where I just, but as I learn
to take care of my body,
I learn about boundaries.
Okay, I'm not gonna let this
this person treat me this way.
I feel better about myself like physically
and beauty wise, you know what I mean?
And you feel more pride for yourself.
And I think sometimes you need that.
- Let me share a story with you.
I haven't talked about
this in a long time,
and I'm not sure if I'm allowed to mention
this doctor's name because I think
he ended up selling his clinic
and he signed like a
non-compete when he sold,
he and his wife a weight loss claim.
So I'm just not gonna mention his name.
But what he told me was
that, and he said that
somebody who's carrying an
extra 20 pounds of body fat,
it's just 'cause they're
not really paying attention
to what they're eating
and they don't maybe know
enough about nutrition or
they're just sort eating
what's been been put in front of him.
But when people are 200,
300 pounds overweight,
he said it is the psychology
that is the problem.
Because what they're doing
is they're using food
to medicate something.
And I think you just told me
like you had been in situations
where you felt like those
situations were out of control
and eating is satisfying,
you could control that.
So you replaced your
control mechanism with,
I can eat whatever I
want so I feel better.
And you know, that's
obviously highly damaging,
but that wasn't what was
in your head at the time.
So that's why that ends up happening.
And then of course you
end up choosing foods
that are addictive because
that's what everybody ends up.
No one ever became morbidly obese
because they just really
liked eating apples.
It's the addictive, the food
you just can't stop eating.
And so those two things
end up going hand in hand
and that's when it becomes outta control.
But being aware of the fact that,
people can use food to medicate something,
and the fact that you can
decide to not be pushed around
or not be treated a certain
way and you don't need to
go eat something, you just
need to not be pushed around.
Like, it was probably a
brutal mental exercise
to get to that conclusion, true?
- Yep.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I agree, I love that point.
Now, Julie, that's
everything in your past.
Now tell us a little bit
more about your future,
your dreams, what's out there for you?
Look at her, look at her right now,
check her smile right now.
Check her smile right now,
the future is so bright
that's why she's laughing.
So this is the exciting part.
I love hearing about your dreams
and about your future
vision because I feel like
every person who was, or who
is in the shoes where you were
needs to hear that they
need to think about future
and vision and dreams.
So tell us about yours.
- Yeah, so I have a boyfriend,
I'm not gonna say names right now because
it'll be revealed
probably later in my life.
You know who it is.
But like, he's the sweetest
man in the face of this planet.
You know what I mean?
Like, he is literally like the person
that I've always wanted,
the person that I was
always searching for.
And I can't wait to
have a future with him.
And I also have so many ideas like,
and dreams and aspirations
that'll only become better
when I'm able to walk without a walker,
and I am able to be fully independent.
And that's part of my dream.
And you know, I really, if I start crying,
please forgive me, I'm a girl-
- Go ahead cry.
- I have a really soft
spot for the military,
my boyfriend's military man,
and my father, he was a Vietnam veteran.
But one thing that really gets
me is how we have veterans
on the street that don't have homes
that they've went through
unspeakable things
to make sure that I am
sleeping at night and safe.
That just like steps me in the heart
that they're out there like that.
So one thing that I hope to learn
is I hope to start learning
how to make a lot of money,
but not just for myself-
- Awesome, awesome.
- ...different endeavors
so that I can actually have
land to farm vegetables
and fruits and have just
start feeding veterans
on the street.
And the more money you make,
the more I wanna invest
the more make and more
so that I can start like
hopefully a nationwide thing
of making homes for
veterans where they can go.
And also making them
feel like they're wanted
and they're needed in this society
by giving them jobs to help other veterans
that are out there.
They're protectors,
they're natural protectors,
you know what I mean?
So give them something to protect again,
something for them again.
But also I wanna help other
people that are bariatric
or having a hard time with their weight
and let them know you
can have your dreams.
You can have everything that you wanted.
Like I totally prayed to God,
please help me up this
mountain of my weight
and he helped me, you know what I mean?
That message needs to
go out to other people
that if you turn to God or
whoever is your higher source
that you believe in
that they will help you
and have that faith in your heart.
But also just like, I've always
wanted to be a story writer
for children's stories and
young adult stories and just,
I wanna live by the ocean somewhere.
'Cause I've always loved the ocean,
it's so funny, I always loved it.
But I've been in Arizona
and I never thought
that I'd be able to see it because
I lived in a little compromising town,
that's where I grew up.
So I'm like, "I'm never
gonna see that thing."
But I did get to see it
like twice in my life.
So I wanna live by the
ocean, but you know,
I want things to just get better.
I wanna be able to have children,
I wanna be able to serve people.
And I think that's the biggest thing
is you can't serve people
when you have a weight problem
when everyone else has
to take care of you.
But it's nice to be
able to give people hope
and it's nice to be
able to help people out.
And it doesn't have to
be this major big thing,
sometimes it simply is just
like helping out your neighbor
or observe around you
and see what is lacking
in somebody's life and help
them get that, you know?
- Love it.
So that's why I brought
it up because I know
how full of dreams and visions you are.
I love the vision, especially
about the veterans.
We just gotta work around the
vegetable and improve parts.
'Cause if you truly wanna feed 'em,
we gotta get you some cows and stuff.
- [John] Eating more-
- Exactly.
- We'll get you a little
more land for that.
Again, amazing, amazing.
I love listening to your
story and your dreams,
and also to your business desires.
It's incredible because like you said,
if you don't make a lot of money,
you don't have resources
to help all those people.
And this vision also fuels your heart
so you can keep going
and keep moving forward
and keep losing weight.
So I also like to mention
that we have a plan
of getting the skin removal
surgery at about 180,
which we're hoping we're
gonna remove about 40 pounds
of the skin.
And we're gonna get
Julie down to about 140.
We'll see how the 40 looks like,
but ideally about near
fives, it's usually 54, 52.
- 411 and a half.
- 54, sorry, it's 54.
So yeah, we're shooting
for about 120 body weight.
So at about 180 we start
doing the procedures
and 120 is where Julie should really be
for rest of her life.
So we got about 200 more
pounds to go from here.
But what's the most beautiful
part about this transformation
is that you are already 50% and further,
you're not 50% and below
you're 50% and further.
'Cause now you only got
about 200 pounds to lose,
you already over two 14 down.
So you're closer to the goal
than to your previous body
that you had.
So I'm very proud of you for doing that.
Thank you so much, Julie,
for joining us for today's podcast.
Your story is incredibly
encouraging to everybody
who suffers from the
obesity like you suffered.
I think you helped a lot of
people understand what to do
and what to think about and
how to change their mindset
when they want to start their journey.
Because I believe every
single person who is
in the shoes where you were
is always thinking about it
that I can't live like lift like this.
I know I don't have much time.
I know my heart will get
up at some point it will.
And these people are
thinking about it constantly
and states someone like you
who steps out of that circle
and tells their story and
shares their story openly
to make them think about their choices
and made them think about their journey,
and make them make a change.
So I think you can be a
superhero for people like that
because they're gonna trust you a lot more
than they trust me.
You know, I've been a bodybuilder,
I've been a strong
muscular guy my whole life
and those people might think like, okay,
what does he know about obesity, right?
But if they look at someone like you,
well, she was in our shoes.
She understands how we feel,
she knows how the life is being obese.
So our goal eventually
is to get Julie to lose
over 300 pounds in a year,
write a book, make it public,
and get a lot of publicity around Julie
so she can start helping people
and pursue with her goals.
Because if you drop over
300 pounds in one year,
that's a national story.
That's absolutely insane,
if you play the game of
marketing and publicity, right?
Everybody can know about this
and deserves to know about this because-
- That's right.
- I have not heard
about storyline.
you watch My 600 Pound Life,
they don't get results like
this because those people
don't have mindset like you do.
That's why I think you're very special,
and the direction that you're
heading is just incredible
to be part of.
So thank you so much,
Julie for coming today.
- Thank you.
- See you later, guys, have a good one.
- Thanks guys, have a good day.
(logo whooshing)